---
layout: post
title: The Binjai Brew Story So Far
---

It has been about two months since Binjai Brew was launched and it has been quite the journey so far. When we first started off, we imagined ourselves as an online brand, a brand that would generate interesting content and drive traffic through our website, binjaibrew.com. But as we spoke to more people, we realised that beer drinking is a social experience and having an offline presence is just as important. We received numerous requests asking for where is your beer on tap right now, and people were hesitant to purchase when we mentioned that we were just available online. After we realised that, we made a push to be available at more taprooms around Singapore, and now we are at 4 places. The question we still want to test is, will people buy beer online? And although we are focussing on being available at more places around Singapore, we will be available on Redmart, Deliveroo and Foodpanda soon. It is apparent that an omnichannel approach to distribution can help Binjai Brew serve its customers both online and offline. 

While online and offline distribution is critical, we also recently realised the importance of marketing. And you would think, we ought to have known that. It has been repeated multiple times in our business classes in school but in the beginning we believed that our posts would organically spread due to the high quality content we produced. Our first foray into promoting posts on Facebook and Instagram began during the Chinese New Year period and we sold so much more than we expected that we ran out of Alt-O and had to convert Noah’s Ark, a six pack consisting of 2 of each beer into NoAlt’s Ark, a six pack consisting of 3 of each remaining beer. And during that time, we received an email from a restaurant chain interested in carrying our beer, and when I enquired how they heard about us, they told us it was via a Facebook advertisment. So yes, marketing does matter. 

The craft beer scene in Singapore is far more exciting than it was 2 years ago. There are so many local entrants into the market, with more entrants slated to come in the next few months. What this means for the consumer is that there is an availabilty of more beer choices, and they get to choose which beer they like best. For a bar owner however, they get to choose which beers they want to have on their shelves or on tap. However, the number of craft beer bars are few in number and each craft beer bar owner wants to change up the beers that they have on tap from time to time and this means that getting consistent demand for your beer from craft beer bars can be challenging unless you come up with a new recipe every other month. In the long run, this is unsustainable as the quality of the beer produced will be compromised. Nonetheless, it will be interesting to see how craft beer entrants navigate this marketplace in the coming months. It is a great time to be a consumer though. 

P.S The restaurant chain who contacted us will be carrying our beer. And that is a huge step in the right direction for us. 
